Now that we've got this ability,
the images are here and
they're actually being pulled in and
everything is what we want.
I wanna start showing these on the site.
So Gatsby has multiple ways
that we can make this happen.
The first one that I wanna do
is I just wanna show this Corgi
image which is here,
we've got this Corgi image.
Now I wanna show this on the homepage
in a little circle, right?
So, to make that happen,
we're gonna have to write some CSS and
that's okay because we
know how to write CSS.
So I want to get into my index.js and
I'm going to.
Well actually, you know what,
let's just write the styles first
because we know we're gonna do.
So I'm gonna go in and
create a new sculpt thing.
I'm gonna call this index.module.css.
So we're gonna use a CSS module for this.
And I want to have support for
an image wrapper class.
And inside of this I'm
gonna use display flex,
I will use align items center and
justify content center.
Cuz I just want this thing to be,
whatever area it uses,
I want the image to be
in the center of it.
Then inside of my image wrapper I wanna
target the the Gatsby image wrapper.
So Gatsby by default is gonna add
markup to show the placeholders and
things like that.
We'll look at this in a second, but
I just happened to know that
it adds a data attribute.
And the reason I'm using
the data attribute is that I
don't want this to be
mashed up by CSS modules.
I wanna target the the actual
element in here,
not a class name that
will get messed up on me.
So, then we're going to
set a border of 3px solid,
and I'm gonna use the black color, and
then I wanna set the border
radius to 50% and
I think that should do it.
So, let's save that.
Then I'm gonna import this in here.
We're gonna get the image wrapper.
Now, a note here.
Do you see how I'm camel
casing image wrapper here,
but I wrote it as kebab case here.
That's convenience, because I really
don't like writing camel case in CSS.
It feels weird to me.
I equally don't wanna have
to do array selection
to get a named kebab
case class out of here.
So it just handles that, it'll convert
kebab case into camel case for me so
that I don't have to worry about it.
Then once I've got my my style
I'm gonna be able to do and
I'm unable to pull in an image.
So what I wanna do is I'm actually just
gonna use the simplest possible form of
this which is what's called static image.
And static image is what I would urge
you to try to use most of the time.
As long as you know the name of the file,
you are probably going to be happier if
you use static image
because it's just simpler.
It works just like a regular old image and
to show how that actually works,
let's get into our layout.
And I'm gonna just add a div, we'll
give it a class name of imageWrapper.
And inside of it,
I'm gonna use a static Image.
And this, right off the gate,
is exactly like an image tag.
So I wanna go up a level to images and
then I wanna get this Ivana La photo.
And for my alt, it's a corgi sitting on
a bed with red paper
hearts all over it and
it looks on unamused, right?
So, that's a descriptive alt text for
anybody who's using an assistive device.
But then what I can do is I can actually
go a little bit further with this.
So I wanna tell Gatsby that for
the placeholder,
I'm gonna use the dominant color.
So whatever the dominant color in
this image is I want that to be what
the placeholder is.
I'm also gonna set the width.
I want the width of it
to be 300 pixels and
I also want the height to be 300 pixels.
So rather than me having to go and restyle
this stuff on my own, I can tell Gatsby
like hey, take this image and
just make it a 300 pixels square.
And look at that.
It automatically did all
of that resizing for us.
And if I reload the page here.
You can see how that kind
of loads in pretty quick.
So let me actually build this because,
well, let's do two things.
First, let's look at what
Gatsby just built for us.
So here is the image
wrapper div that I added.
Everything inside of this is,
is a Gatsby image.
So let me edit as HTML and
now that's too hard to read.
So let's break it out like this.
So, we have a Gatsby image wrapper.
That's where this data Gatsby
image wrapper comes from.
That's what I targeted so
that we can style it with the border.
And then we have our placeholder
which is just empty.
It's a transparent box
to kinda hold the space.
Then we've got a, sorry,
this is the placeholder.
And the placeholder is
empty according to this,
then we use a picture tag.
So the picture starts with image web P.
So if the browser hits image web P and
it understands what that is,
it will use this source.
If it does not understand image web p,
it will then fall back to the original
image, which is the JPEG.
So it is effectively saying use,
show this placeholder and
then that transitions out to zero and
you can kind of see this happen here.
Where it fades out.
And then the image fades in.
That's Gatsby saying wait until the full
image is loaded and then faded in on top.
Then we have this picture
that will optimize for
the the smallest file size and
fall back to a bigger file size if
the browser doesn't support it,
and then we have a no script.
So if the image or
if JavaScript is disabled,
we will still get our images loaded.
So it's not like we're saying by
using this this Gatsby approach,
we lose the ability to display
images without JavaScript.
So there's a fallback that will just show
these images and still it's responsive.
So we'll still get.
We just won't get placeholders.
That's the the main difference.
And finally,
the script here that causes Is the element
once it loads to like swap out.
So Gatsby does a lot under the hood.
There's a lot going on, that we don't
have to care about or think about.
That just makes our lives easier, right?
That's that's pretty nice.